Creation wireframe:
https://wireframe.cc/ww2PIX

My board game creation content:
-- Section 1 --
Creation
On this page, you will first find all the software used to create the parts and pieces of the game, and second you will
find the name, an example image, it's dimensions, and any suggestions I have when going about making your own game. I hope
this information is helpful.

-- Section 2 --
Inkscape
Inkscape is a free to use, open source, scalable vector graphic (svg) editing software that is perfect for making the graphics
for your Monopoly game. If you don't know, an svg is a graphic or image that doesn't pixelate, ever. You can scale the image as
big or as small as you want and the image will still look crisp. While it may take some getting used to, there are a ton of useful
YouTube channels (such as Logos by Nick) and useful documentation on how to use this sofware with ease.

--

Online Editing Software
There are many useful online tools to edit images you have to the way you want them. However, many of them require you to pay for
their services after a certain use. Lunapic is a great, free online image editor that I have used for a few years now, and it seems
to do a decent job. If you would like to check it out/use it for yourself, please feel free to do so. Always make sure you trust a
website/service before uploading/downloading any content. (Use this or any software at your own risk!)

-- Section 3 --
The Board
The Monopoly board was the first thing I worked on. I didn't really know what I was doing with the first draft, but I kept on refining 
the board until I got it to a point I like. If you decide to use Inkscape for this, please make sure to put each of the property tiles 
in their own layer! As I found out, the file starts lagging if you don't do this! It may take some time to get the desired look, so 
please be aware that the design may need to be done more than once!

I had the idea to make a MASSIVE Monopoly back in 2020, in the thick of quarantine. I wanted an obscenely large game of Monopoly I could
play with family and friends. So what's a more comical way of doing this than building a 3 foot x 3 foot board to play on? (Haven't tested
the process, but it seems fun in the mind)

Dimensions: (original): 19.5" x 19.5" | Massive Monopoly (unfinalized): 36" x 36" 

-- Section 4 --
Game Cards
The key for the game cards is to look on the internet for design ideas. Creating a card design idea can be tough, but with enough work,
it will be done well. For my game, I decided to design the backs of the Monopoly board cards on my own, but the property deeds are inspired
by the backs of the property deeds from the Mega Monopoly Edition. All the game cards are the same size in the original Monopoly game.

I wanted everything in my game to be massive, so the cards grew with the board. The choice of how each card grew was a choice based on the look of
it printed in a one to one ratio compared with the board. There was no set growth when creating the cards. However, not only did the card size grow,
but the amount of card decks as well. In Massive Monopoly. There are four decks of board cards (Chance, Chance 2, Community Chest, and Shopping Spree.
Which is similar to the bus ticket, found in the Mega Monopoly version. However, in my mind, more fun.) The title deeds have received one more title deed
(except for the railroads, they needed to keep the board symmetrical). I decided, the bigger the better. 

Dimensions: (original): 2" x 3.125" | Massive Monopoly (unfinalized): Board Cards: 5" x 3", Title Deeds: 3" x 4.2"  

-- Section 5 --
Money
The money you use for your Monopoly money doesn't have to be made by you. You could just take the already existing money from a Monopoly game
that you have lying around. Make sure you have permission to use it though! You can, however, make your own Monopoly money from scratch. When
I was making my money, I followed a tutorial from Logos by Nick. It creates a similar-ish border effect on the money like you see in the original.

I wanted the Massive Monopoly Money to be very similar to the money found in Mega Monopoly. As you could probably tell by now, I chose Mega Monopoly
to be the game I am basing my "expansion" on. I couldn't find a design I was happy with, so I had to settle (being the perfectionist I am, this
was saddening). Even so, the money now is going under it's 3rd remodel and I like it more and more as the time goes on. If you have a better idea
for a design. Please contact me! I am open to suggestions!  

Dimensions: (original): 4" x 2" | Massive Monopoly (unfinalized): 6" x 3"

-- Section 6 --
Tokens
Same as the money, you can use the existing tokens you find in an already existing Monopoly game, but if you want to make your own, I can tell
you how I made mine. I found a website that 3D prints in metal because I really wanted to have custom tokens made of bronze in my game. Although
this was a fun thought, I'd advise you not to do this if you want to save money. If you still want to make custom tokens, make sure the dimensions
of the tokens are what you really want and that you want to have the specific model of token. When I made mine, I found random trinkets off of
Thingyverse and printed them to be used in game. I made the mistake of ordering the tokens and they came out too small. Click here to use the
service I did to make my tokens.

The size of a Monopoly token depends on the game version itself. There is not one set size for a
Monopoly token. If you want a specific size of token, you might want to measure the token you want
yours to be similar to, to get a good result. 

-- Section 7 --
Buildings
With my personal Monopoly, I plan to use the pieces from an existing Monopoly so I don't have to worry about making my own. Having said that, I am
making a new building that is worth more than the skyscraper from the Mega Monopoly. I call it the city. The city building model is going to be made
and printed with some help of someone I know with a 3D printer. I'm doing this as the token doesn't exist yet.

The size of the buildings again, depend on the game itself. The best thing to do is to find a game's building you already like and base yours off of
that. This way, you don't have to start completely from scratch. (It's difficult, believe me. But if you want to, go for it!)

-- Section 8 --
Dice
Now, making dice is a hard one as you probably want them to be sturdy enough for play and you want something as professional as you can get it. You could
make your own out of wood, plastic, acrylic or metal if you wanted to. I found these amazing dice on Amazon that really fit what I wanted for my game. Click
here to take a look. The dice I got are made of metal alloy and are pretty hefty. I don't want them to damage my game when rolled, so I'm going to create a
custom board game box that's lined with some soft material so nothing is damaged over long periods of use, but more on that later.

In Massive Monopoly, there will be 5 dice that one can use during their turn. Four metal dice I bought off of Amazon and one Monopoly Speed Die I bought off of Ebay.
There's a Massive amount of dice as the game itself is Massive with 17 squares on the board per side. The five dice is to ensure Massive fun with, hopefully,
fast gameplay (the game is unfinished and hasn't been play tested to test this hypothesis).

Dimensions: (original): Dimensions vary. | Massive Monopoly: 2.3 in x 2.5 in. x 0.1 in.  

-- Section 9 --
The Game Box
I haven't created the game box for my Monopoly game yet, so I don't have a plan or thing to base this off of. As I said, this game is a work in progress. I want
the board to be made professionally and with precision. It would be nice to be made out of the same material the mass produced ones are made of, but I may stick
with wood. I'll see what comes my way. The board design comes at a very late stage in the game because it's what advertises your game. You need to have a solid
understanding of what your game does, how its played, etc. It's what entices someone to play your game of Monopoly. You want the box to pop. To be exciting!

Dimensions: (original): The box from a classic Monopoly set is 16 inches long by 10 3/4 inches wide by 1 3/4 inches. 
(from https://www.monopolyland.com/monopoly-board-dimensions/) | Massive Monopoly: unset.